hey guys it's Andy here I just wanted to
give you a quick rundown on this new
mesh head that I've had the guys using
for lessons for last few got a few
months ago and I'm really diggin it just
a quick rundown first of all the big
standout thing is obviously the feel of
it that's what people get a mesh head
for over your regular old pads the
artifact that is something that I didn't
think about so much is the factor of the
volume it's actually a little quieter
obviously you get an electric drum kit
to start with because of volume issues
for where you're at or whether the
practice that sort of thing
now pads are obviously each quieter than
a real drum but still there's some
amount of volume inner wear is a mesh
head it tends to be you know you could
say eyes this is loud but tends to be
more in the the higher frequencies which
is going to deaden once you go on
through your walls and that sort of
thing whereas your low frequencies
you're going to hear that a lot more you
know potentially in the next room so
you're more likely of getting away with
practicing one of these late at night
next door asleep so that's the big
factor there obviously the feel rebound
was I show you a bit of a comparison to
start with if I was thinking that you
know the pads rebound a little more but
it's it's it's more a case of just
feeling a little different yeah it might
be marginal but you know as opposed to
so that's what's going on there they are
adjustable just like a real skin so you
can get your drum key there and tighten
them up as you wish basically it's these
sensor underneath there since underneath
that and you can't quite see there's a
little from that crossbar comes up with
a little sensor there and then picks up
from there now the one thing that I was
annoyed about was when I bought it I
can't even go checking whether it was a
jaw trigger or not which is what these
pads are and it turns out this is not
this is an older model for feeding
100 over ebay got a good deal on it
pretty much it has new and it's not jule
triggered like these meanings so you
can't get separate sound via rim shots
that sort of thing there is PD one
twenties available but this is just the
PD one hundred so do you research
beforehand because I kind of saw some
stuff that said that they are dual
trigger and others and said it's not
they're not
so that's the thing to keep in mind
there it is ten agents if you're
wondering specifics on on the size there
and yeah good stuff nice difference I've
had this electric drum kit with you know
stray dog pads for a few years now and
certainly a nice little jump up and
probably half of the fact that I did it
for was for some buyers that have a
better you know driving experience a
little closer to a real kid because
that's where those guys are coming from
neither of them have electric kits so I
just wanted to make things nice and
comfy for them and other little side
factor it's actually probably a little
easy to spot things once you deal with
your your exposure being camera and all
that sort of thing seems to come up
pretty nice as well so there you go it's
the PD 100 certainly a good option for
Tom's especially what you don't have to
worry about dual trigger if you've got
an electric kid like I have here like my
Roland and B drums alright guys there
you go that's a quick roundup on the PT
100 catcher for more lessons soon